
1. What does your product, and your company, actually do. 
What does it do for them? How do they interact with it? What’s unique about it compared to other products in the market? 

2. Identify the pain points. 
Put the investors in the shoes of a customer and help explain why they need a product like yours.

3. Identify your customer. 
This may sound straightforward, but you want to be as detailed as possible. Are you starting with a narrow customer base, or creating a broad product that can touch many different demographics? What are the needs of that customer? What do they look like?

4. Talk about some additional benefits your product generates. 
If you collect data, what does that data allow you to do? Can it help you expand into new markets? 
Does it just help improve the product? Could the data itself turn into a second line of business?

5. Lay out barriers to entry and how you will overcome them. 
You have to show why you’ll be able to get past larger incumbents and why you are uniquely positioned to do that. 
You’ll also need to cover any additional risks you might run into along the way.


6. Dig into the mechanics. 
Lay out your core technology and what makes it superior to others on the market. 
Show early feedback on prototypes if you have them. 
If you’re more mature, show some results: studies, evidence of how effective it is, and research that backs up your claims.

7. The value proposition. 
You want to show how you’re going to actually create value.
Have a deep competitive market analysis to provide some reference points. 
List out recent exits, M&A, funding rounds, earnings releases, and as much data as you can collect that provides some directional accuracy for your future value.

8. Pathway through regulation. 
Talk about how long it will take to get your product to the market, and what hurdles you’ll have to get through. 
Include any regulatory routes you have to take, and how long it will take to get approved — as well as any curveballs that might come up.

9. Dig into the metrics. If you have them in front of you, lay them out as clearly as you can. E.g. 
Customer acquisition cost (CAC): How are you acquiring customers, and how much does it cost to acquire a customer?
Lifetime Value (LTV): How much revenue are you generating from that customer you acquired.
Churn: How do you define the rate at which customers are leaving, and what is that rate?
Licensing: If you license your technology, talk about the terms and any revenue or fees.
Projections: You’ll want to lay out (reasonable) projections for your revenue for the next few years or so to show you’re on a solid path to growth.

10. Walk through your costs and key requirements. 
Partnerships: you’ve probably decided to cooperate with a few companies that are producing a kind of win-win situation. This can take a lot of forms, such as relationships with suppliers or vendors that you can amplify to a broader audience.
